This unconscionable
Let's cut down trees and wait for his news
Since he said so
We'll just recruit
Do you have any opinions, Datong?
Now the chicks are guarding Hucheng
How many troops
Do you have a way to close it?
But you can't be a salted fish, can you?
What is he going to do?
Be patient.
It's a tug of war after all
Fox City to train
What did Lord Ma Liang catch by the chick?
What's the situation?
Mr. Ma Liang
This time you have fallen into the hands of this general
I don't understand.
Who leaked the news?
My brother
That's impossible.
You are like a ghost
Still have to drink Lao Tzu's foot wash
What do you mean?
You didn't figure it out.
The owner of the inn is one of my Dibbs
My foot wash secret drug
How does it taste? I'll go
I said, why is there a bad smell in my mouth?
Go and call me your supervisor
If it's late, I'll be outdated
You are courting death, hey, hey, hey, stop it.
Don't beat him to death
Baby Bird Princess
I haven't seen you for a while. How are you doing?
I'm having a good time.
It's the little bird princess, you're having a very embarrassing time, aren't you?
The Yin Yin Dog Boil of a Lost Dog
It just makes me feel sorry for you
Believe it or not
You're gonna have to get me out of town